you are where are you from what do I
know you have you've got a mixed-up
ringing correct I do I do I'm uh I was
born Egypt uh-huh grew up in Toronto so
when did you move to Toronto
yes um not people from assay here you
always have many Canadians yeah yes I
when I was three and a half
I moved from from Egypt to Toronto so
culturally like in your house who do you
feel more Egyptian or Canadian uh you
know that's a tough thing I think for
any immigrant you never feel like you're
a hundred percent like I never felt like
I was a hundred percent egyptian 100%
Canadian you know I'd go to school
people would be like oh my god I got
grounded for two weeks and I'd be like
what is that what does that mean oh
you've not been grounded no grounding is
not a thing and no who's your dad or
your mom were they tough they were they
were yeah we got we got smacked not beat
or anything you know you get smacked I
see yeah yes and as I got smacked also
but we weren't from Egypt it was from
Brooklyn and uh yeah and it still hurt
yeah and and pets was another big one
pets pets was a big one I
me and my sisters would ask my dad for
for this you know be like we want a dog
uh-huh he'd be like you want the dog I
go to Egypt I get 215 dogs from industry
and because there's stray dogs
everywhere and would be like no no we
want a dog it will instill
responsibility and all these great
virtues and we finally decided that he
would get us a bird we go to this store
and we decide on this bird turns out
it's a love bird and the store clerk is
like listen mr. Masood you really
recommend you getting two because these
birds require a lot of attention and
love and he's like we would start with
one and then think about number two bird
and a week later we come from the school
the bird is gone and so what I learned
from American television and films is
that usually when that happened
the parents show love and gentleness my
dad was like see you could not even take
care of the bed how would you took care
of a dog and we're like where is it
where's the bird he's like I threw it in
the carpet it's like dad we have to bury
this thing he's like Mina when you eat
the chicken do you bury the bones and
that's what it was like and he's a
practical man I guess your dad are they
excited now with all your success and I
would imagine that I know all had made
like a billion dollars that it was a big
thing in Egypt it was it was a it was a
huge thing I went back to Egypt recently
and it was a you know I felt I really
felt the love there
did you yeah that must be cool huh yeah
yeah yeah it is well cuz the last the
last person to kind of come out of Egypt
rami malek obviously we got Rami yeah
but Omar Sharif was the big one Wow Omar
Sharif will you Omar and Rami huh yeah
me Omar driving that ya know there's a
lot there's a lot coming up it's it's
nice yeah that must be a great thing now
tell me about this television show
because I heard it was really good and
also you have to pay very very very
close attention is that true you do
that's gonna be a problem for us here in
America yeah I know but all the episodes
drop at once okay so you can binge it
over the holidays all right um
no you know it's really hard to explain
it's it's one of those shows that you
know it's it's a few John rez meshed
into one it's kind of it all the way our
Honors our mesh I'm dying to see this so
dry it's a drama but there's some dark
comedy in it and has filmed the war
aspects to it and you know it's whenever
I have to explain the show and I have to
do it quickly I basically say you know
it's it's about it's about a woman who
almost gets killed by this gang who's
her family and she comes back here later
take revenge on them and I play a
character named Ethan Hart who she kind
of recruits to help her get her revenge
whether willingly or unwillingly but
you'll have to tune interesting well
it's very good to meet you very good to
have you here we've walked you in
Aladdin like a million times thank you
guys are adorable thank you very much I
appreciate your little bit you're
adorable also Meena Massoud everybody
reprisal hey I'm Jimmy Kimmel give back
this holiday season in a fun way buy my
new book the serious goose I wrote it
through it all of my MA goes to
children's hospitals across the country
or watch another gaming video and don't
help kids it's up to you